User guide initial draft (#445)
AbanteAI/mentat: docs/source/user/context.rst

Context
=======

> An LLM is only as good as its context. Therefore we provide a number of ways to manually manage and inspect context as well as a few tools to attempt to automatically select a context.

Reviewer: "Context refers to portions of your code/files which are sent to the LLM along with your question/task, adn an LLM is only as good as its context."

Anchoring the word 'context' up-front might be helpful for some

Files can be manually added to context as a command line argument when starting mentat or with the :code:`/include` command during a session. Files can be removed from context with the :code:`/exclude` command. Mentat always puts all included files into the system message sent to the LLM so you probably don't want to start mentat with :code:`mentat .`. If you do want mentat to intelligently select the context from your prompt you should run :code:`mentat -a` and mentat will build its own context. For more see :ref:`auto context`.

> You can specify line ranges to add only a subset of a file to context. For example :code:`/include README.md:1-5,10-20` would add the first 5 and 10th to 20th lines to the LLMs context. You can see a summary of what is in context with the :code:`/context` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify line ranges to add only a subset of a file to context by adding the starting line (inclusive) and ending line (exclusive) to the path. For example :code:`/include README.md:1-5,10-20` would add lines 1, 2, 3 and 4 and 10th to 19th lines to the LLMs context. You can see a summary of what is in context with the :code:`/context` command.
```
Just confirmed that the second number is in fact exclusive.
